frantically digging and hoping for any
sign of
life this young girl pulled from the
rubble injured but
alive many displaced Palestinians like
her were Sheltering in the building in
Rafa when the Israeli strike hit they
had come here seeking safety instead
they've been left digging through debris
for their loved ones many have found
only
bodies those who survived were rushed
through dazed crowds to the nearby
Kuwaiti Hospital bu with dozens injured
many had to be taken to other facilities
such as Abu YF al- naar
Hospital in front of me I see five dead
bodies of children some are below the
age of three the other two are five and
seven also four women and one of our
physicians Dr Samy bagdadi
in addition five others are being
transported to us from the Kuwaiti
Hospital which is near the targeted area
we can only ask where are the so-called
safety zones claimed by Israel's
occupying Army where are the safe zones
they claim to be safe to which they
directed
people the United Nations says there are
more than
67,000 displaced Palestinians seeking
refuge in Southern Gaza most are living
out on the streets in Rafa and for those
who do find buildings to seek shelter in
many like this one are soon targeted in
Israeli air strikes and collapse over
its inhabitants Alex beard Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer